The best people to talk to if you're unsure about what you want to do
is the people in the field if you can. So I know many people will ask
their their dad "Hey dad should I join the Navy?" And I gotta say
if your dad has never been in the Navy, then although his advice should
be considered, he might not know what he's talking about. The best
thing to do would be to ask someone who's been in the military, and
the longer the time the better. So for instance, you don't want to
ask your cousin Joe who just got back from boot camp what the military's
like. He's probably not gonna give you a fully formed answer. You
want to ask the senior chief who can give you from the outs and in,
the deployments, to the ward, to the sitting at home, to the long
days, to the long nights, to the easy vacations and the full spectrum.
So get people with experience.